federalist 30. concerning the general
power of taxation from the New York
packet Friday December 28 1787 Hamilton
to the people of the state of New York
it has been already observed that the
federal government ought to possess the
power of providing for the support of
the national forces in which proposition
was intended to be included the expense
of raising troops of building and
equipping fleets and all other expenses
in any wise connected with military
arrangements and operations but these
are not the only objects to which the
jurisdiction of the Union in respect to
revenue must necessarily be empowered to
extend it must Embrace a provision for
the support of the national civil list
for the payment of the national debts
contracted or that may be contracted and
in general for all those matters which
will call for disbursements out of the
national treasury the conclusion is that
there must be interwoven in the frame of
the government a general power of
taxation in one shape or another money
is with propriety considered as the
vital principle of the body politic as
that which sustains its life in motion
and enables it to perform its most
essential functions a complete power
therefore to procure a regular and
adequate supply of it as far as the
resources of the community will permit
may be regarded as an indispensable
ingredient in every Constitution
from a deficiency in this particular one
of two evils must ensue either the
people must be subjected to continual
plunder as a substitute for a more
eligible mode of supplying the public
wants or the government must sink into a
fatal atrophy and in a short course of
time perish
in the ottoman or Turkish Empire The
Sovereign though in other respects
absolute Master of the lives and
fortunes of his subjects has no right to
impose a new tax
the consequence is that he permits the
bashars or governors of provinces to
pillage the people without mercy and in
turn squeezes out of them the sums of
which he stands in need to satisfy his
own exigencies and those of the state in
America from a like cause the government
of the Union has gradually dwindled into
a state of decay approaching nearly to
Annihilation who can doubt that the
happiness of the people in both
countries would be promoted by competent
authorities in the proper hands to
provide the revenues which the
necessities of the public might require
the present Confederation feeble as it
is intended to Repose in the United
States an unlimited power of providing
for the pecuniary wants of the Union but
proceeding upon an erroneous principle
it has been done in such a manner as
entirely to have frustrated the
intention Congress by the Articles which
compose that compact as has already been
stated are authorized to ascertain and
call for any sums of money necessary in
their judgment to the service of the
United States and their requisitions if
conformable to the rule of apportionment
are in every constitutional sense
obligatory upon the states these have no
right to question the propriety of the
demand no discretion beyond that of
devising the ways and means of
Furnishing the sums demanded but though
this be strictly and truly the case
though the Assumption of such a right
would be an infringement of the Articles
of Union though it may seldom or never
have been devouredly claimed yet in
practice it has been constantly
exercised and would continue to be so as
long as the revenues of the Confederacy
should remain dependent on the
intermediate agency of its men numbers
with the consequences of this system
have been is within the knowledge of
every man the least conversant in our
public affairs and has been amply
unfolded in different parts of these
inquiries it is this which has chiefly
contributed to reduce us to a situation
which affords ample cause both of
mortification to ourselves and of
Triumph to our enemies
what remedy can there be for this
situation but in a change of the system
which is produced in it a change of the
fallacious and Elusive system of quotas
and requisitions what substitute can
there be imagined for this ignis fatus
in finance but that of Permitting the
national government to raise its own
revenues by the ordinary methods of
Taxation authorized in every
well-ordered constitution of civil
government
ingenious men may decline with
plausibility on any subject but no human
Ingenuity can point out any other
expedient to rescue us from the
inconveniences and embarrassments
naturally resulting from defective
supplies of the public Treasury
the more intelligent adversaries of the
new constitution admit the force of this
reasoning but they qualify their
admission by a distinction between what
they call internal and external taxation
the former they would Reserve to the
state governments the latter which they
explain into commercial imposts or
rather duties on imported articles they
declare themselves willing to concede to
the federal head
this distinction however would violate
the maximum of good sense in sound
policy which dictates that every Power
ought to be in proportion to its object
and would still leave the general
government in a kind of tutelage to the
state governments inconsistent with
every idea Vigor or efficiency
who can pretend that commercial imposts
are or would be alone equal to the
present and future exigencies of the
Union
taking into the account the existing
debt foreign and domestic upon any plan
of extinguishment which a man moderately
impressed with the importance of public
Justice and Public Credit could approve
in addition to the establishments which
all parties will acknowledge to be
necessary we could not reasonably
flatter ourselves that this resource
alone upon the most improved scale would
even suffice for its present Necessities
its future Necessities admit not of
calculation or limitation and upon the
principle more than once averted to the
power of making provision for them as
they arise ought to be equally
unconfined
I believe it may be regarded as a
position warranted by the history of
mankind that in the usual progress of
things the necessities of a nation in
every stage of its existence will be
found at least equal to its resources
to say that deficiencies may be provided
for by requisitions upon the states is
on the one hand to acknowledge that the
system cannot be dependent upon and on
the other hand to depend on it for
everything Beyond a certain limit
those who have carefully attended to its
vices and deformities as they have been
exhibited by experience or delineated in
the course of these papers must feel
Invincible repugnancy to trusting the
national interests in any degree to its
operation its inevitable tendency
whenever it is brought into activity
must be to enfeeble the union and so the
seeds of Discord and contention between
the federal head and its members and
between the members themselves
can it be expected that the deficiencies
would be better supplied in this mode
than the total wants of the Union have
heretofore been supplied in the same
mode it ought to be recollected that if
less will be required from the states
they will have proportionably less means
to answer the demand if the opinions of
those who contend for the distinction
which has been mentioned were to be
received as evidence of Truth one would
be led to conclude that there were some
known point in the economy of national
Affairs at which it would be safe to
stop and to say thus far the ends of the
public happiness will be promoted by
supplying the wants of government and
all Beyond this is Unworthy of our care
or anxiety how is it possible that a
government half supplied an always
Necessities can fulfill the purposes of
its institution can provide for the
security Advance the prosperity or
support the reputation of the
Commonwealth how can it ever possess
either energy or stability dignity or
credit confidence at home or
respectability abroad how can its
Administration be anything else than a
succession of expedience temporizing
impotent disgraceful how will it be able
to avoid a frequent sacrifice of its
engagements to immediate necessity how
can it undertake or execute any liberal
or enlarged plans of public good let us
attend to what would be the effects of
this situation in the very first war in
which we should happen to be engaged we
will presume for argument's sake that
the revenue arising from the impulse
duties answers the purposes of a
provision for the public debt and of a
peace establishment for the union thus
circumstanced a war breaks out
what would be the probable conduct of
the government in such an emergency
taught by experience that proper
dependence could not be placed on the
success of requisitions unable by its
own authority to lay hold of fresh
resources and urged by considerations of
national danger would it not be driven
to the expedient of diverting the funds
already apportioned from the proper
objects to the defense of the state it
is not easy to see how a step of this
kind could be avoided and if it should
be taken it is evident that it would
prove the destruction of Public Credit
at the very moment that it was becoming
essential to the public safety
to imagine that at such a crisis credit
might be dispensed with would be the
extreme of infatuation in the modern
system of War Nations the most wealthy
are obliged to have recourse to large
loans a country so little opulent as
ours must feel this necessity in a much
stronger degree
but who would lend to a government that
prefaced its overtures for borrowing by
an act which demonstrated that no
Reliance could be placed on the
steadiness of its measures for paying
the loans it might be able to procure
would be as Limited in their extent as
burdensome in their conditions they
would be made upon the same principles
that usurers commonly lend to bankrupt
and fraudulent debtors with a sparing
hand and add enormous premiums
it may perhaps Be Imagined that from the
scantiness of the resources of the
country the necessity of diverting the
established funds in the case supposed
would exist though the national
government should possess an
unrestrained power of taxation but two
considerations will serve to quiet all
apprehension on this head one is that we
are sure the resources of the community
in their full extent will be brought
into activity for the benefit of the
Union the other is that whatever
deficiencies there may be can without
difficulty be supplied by loans
the power of creating new funds upon new
objects of taxation by its own authority
would enable the national government to
borrow as far as its Necessities might
require
foreigners as well as the citizens of
America could then reasonably Repose
confidence in its engagement but to
depend upon a government that must
itself depend upon 13 other governments
for the means of fulfilling its contract
when Once its situation is clearly
understood would require a degree of
credulity not often to be met with in
the pecuniary transactions of mankind
and little reconcilable with the usual
sharp sightedness of avarice
reflections of this kind may have
trifling weight with men who hope to see
realized in America the Halcyon scenes
of the poetic or fabulous age but to
those who believe we are likely to
experience a common portion of the
physicitudes and calamities which have
fallen to the lot of other nations they
must appear entitled to Serious
attention such men must behold the
actual situation of their country with
painful solicitude and deprecate the
evils which ambition or Revenge might
with too much facility inflict upon it
Publius